Azure CMEK (#384)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/encryption.adoc

=== AWS automatic key rotation

Aura supports automatic key rotation via the AWS KMS.
To enable automatic key rotation in the AWS KMS, tick the *Key rotation* checkbox after initially creating a key, to automatically rotate the key once a year.

== Azure keys

=== Create an Azure key vault

Create a Key Vault in the Azure portal ensuring the region matches your Aura database instance region. Move through the tabs to enable purge protection, Azure role-based access control, and Azure Disk Encryption for volume encryption, and allow access from all networks.

=== Create a key

> . When preparing to create a key, you might already have permissions, or you may need to grant a role assigment. This is one way to grant the relevant permissions to create a key:
> .. Inside the key vault, go to *Access Control (IAM)* and *add role assignment*.
> .. In the *Role* tab, select *Key Vault Administrator*.
> .. In the *Member* tab, select *User, group, or service principal*.
> .. *Select members* and select yourself or the relevant person, then *Review + Assign*.
> 
> . Create a key in the Azure Key Vault. 
> . After the key is created, click into key version and copy the *Key Identifier*, you need it in the next step.
> . Go to *security settings* in the Aura Console and add a *Customer Managed Key*.
> . Follow the instructions in the Aura Console for the next sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Grant role assignment in the Azure key vault, if needed. 
. Create a key in the Azure key vault. 
. After the key is created, copy the *Key Identifier*, you need it in the next step.
. Go to *security settings* in the Aura Console and add a *Customer Managed Key*.
. Follow the instructions in the Aura Console for the next sections.
```

=== Create a service principal

In the Azure Entra ID tenant where your key is located, create a service principal linked to the Neo4j CMK Application with the *Neo4j CMK Application ID* displayed in the Aura Console.

> One way to do this is by clicking the terminal icon at the top of the Azure portal, to open the Azure Cloud Shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> image::azurecloudshell.png[title = Azure Cloud Shell icon]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Then, using https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/ad/sp?view=azure-cli-latest#az-ad-sp-create[Azure CLI] the command is: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Azure CLI, the command is: 
```

[source,bash]
----
az ad sp create --id Neo4jCMKApplicationID
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the Azure CLI, see link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/ad/sp?view=azure-cli-latest#az-ad-sp-create[az ad sp documentation].
```

=== Grant key permissions

> . To add role assignment to the Azure key, inside the key, go to *Access control (IAM)* and add *role assignment*.
> . In the *Role* tab, select *Key Vault Crypto Officer*.
> . In the *Member* tab, select *User, group, or service principal*.
> . *Select members* and paste the *Neo4j CMK Application name* that is displayed in the Aura Console. 
> . The *Neo4j CMK Application* should appear, select this application then *Review + Assign*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant key permission to specific users, you can add role assignment from inside the Azure key.
```
